Disposition

Regards, Vicky


Dead chat. Regards, Vicky


Customer disconnected. Regards, Vicky


Unresponsive customer. Regards, Vicky


I have raised a DI ticket to the SVC for the same. Regards, Vicky


I have raised a NFS ticket to the SVC for the same. Regards, Vicky


I have added an reminder to the already raised ticket. Regards, Vicky


I have raised a failed collection ticket to the paypoint for the same. Regards, Vicky


The customer failed to provide sufficient details for the DPA check. Regards, Vicky


The customer couldn't provide a working tracking id. Regards, Vicky


The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I updated them that their parcel is expected to be delivered by the end of the day. Regards, Vicky


The customer requested their collection code as they had not yet received it, and their parcel was ready for collection. I provided them with the collection code. Regards, Vicky


The customer needed to update their address since their parcel was on hold due to bad address. I informed them to update their address using the Yodel mobile application also suggested them to add what3words to their address using the app. Regards, Vicky


The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. Since their EDD had not yet elapsed, I advised them to wait until the EDD. Regards, Vicky


The EDD has passed, and the parcel has not been delivered to the customer. I requested that the customer wait a bit longer. Regards, Vicky


The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. It can be seen that the parcel is delayed and is currently in transit. The customer was requested to wait a little longer and keep an eye on the tracking updates. Regards, Vicky


The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. As their parcel is delayed and the EDD had elapsed, I have raised a DI ticket to the SVC for the same. Regards, Vicky


The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. Since their parcel was an international one, I informed them that for international parcels, there are additional procedures we have to follow, which sometimes results in extra time being needed. The customer was satisfied with this explanation. Regards, Vicky


The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I informed them that their parcel has not yet arrived in the Yodel network and advised them to contact the sender for further assistance. Regards, Vicky


The parcel was on hold, I resumed the parcel delivery using sabre. Regards, Vicky


The SVC has marked the parcel as missing. I have raised a reverse query to follow MPP. Regards, Vicky


The customer wished to amend their delivery options. I informed them that they can do so using the Yodel mobile application. Regards, Vicky


The customer requested that their parcel be delivered to a secure location. I informed them that the parcel delivery must be attended by someone, as the attended delivery option is enabled. Regards, Vicky


The customer contacted us regarding their previously raised concern. I informed them that their issue is being investigated by the relevant team and that they will be contacted via email. Regards, Vicky


The customer wanted to redirect their parcel to another store. I informed them that they can do it using the Yodel mobile application. Regards, Vicky


The customer wanted to redirect their parcel to a Yodel store. I informed them that they can do it using the Yodel mobile application. Regards, Vicky


The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I informed them that their parcel is being held at the depot, allowing them to pick it up from there. Regards, Vicky


The parcel was not available in the store when the customer attempted to collect it. I have raised a failed collection ticket to the paypoint for the same. Regards, Vicky


The customer is stating that the parcel is not available in the store. I have raised a failed collection ticket to the paypoint for the same. Regards, Vicky


The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it.


The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. After I shared the POD with them, they disconnected the chat.


The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. The POD is also non-compliant.


The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it and the property visible in the POD is not theirs.


The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. Upon reviewing the scans, I have noted that the geo-codes are also broken.


The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it and the property visible in the POD is not theirs. Upon reviewing the scans, I have noted that the geo-codes are also broken.


The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received the whole parcel. They stated that there were two items in the parcel any one item has been delivered.

Ticket Raise

Hi team, Customer email : Regards, Vicky


Kindly look into this matter and keep the customer updated.


The SVC could not find the parcel, Kindly follow MPP.


The SVC has marked the parcel as missing. Please follow MPP.


The parcel is delayed and has not been delivered to the customer. The estimated delivery date has elapsed. Kindly deliver the parcel as soon as possible and keep the customer updated.

Complaint

&


&