Disposition~

Regards, Vicky

Dead chat. Regards, Vicky

Customer disconnected. Regards, Vicky

Unresponsive customer. Regards, Vicky

I have raised a DI ticket to the SVC for the same. Regards, Vicky

I have raised a NFS ticket to the SVC for the same. Regards, Vicky

I have added an reminder to the already raised ticket. Regards, Vicky

I have raised a failed collection ticket to the paypoint for the same. Regards, Vicky

I have raised a compliance feedback ticket for the same. Regards, Vicky

The customer failed to provide sufficient details for the DPA check. Regards, Vicky

The customer couldn't provide a working tracking id. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I updated them that their parcel is expected to be delivered by the end of the day. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I updated them that their parcel has been delivered to the store and is ready for collection.

The customer requested their collection code as they had not yet received it, and their parcel was ready for collection. I provided them with the collection code. Regards, Vicky

The customer needed to update their address since their parcel was on hold due to bad address. I informed them to update their address using the Yodel mobile application also suggested them to add what3words to their address using the app. Regards, Vicky

The customer needed to update their address since their parcel had a address issue. I informed them to update their address using the Yodel mobile application also suggested them to add what3words to their address using the app. Regards, Vicky

The customer wanted to amend their delivery options. I informed them that their parcel has not yet physically arrived in the Yodel network an they will be able to amend their delivery options after the parcel is in the Yodel network. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the EDD. I informed them that their parcel has not yet physically arrived in the Yodel network, and we will be able to provide the EDD only after the parcel is in the Yodel network. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. Since their EDD had not yet elapsed, I advised them to wait until the EDD. Regards, Vicky

The EDD has passed, and the parcel has not been delivered to the customer. I requested that the customer wait a bit longer. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. It can be seen that the parcel is delayed and is currently in transit. The customer was requested to wait a little longer and keep an eye on the tracking updates. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. As their parcel is delayed and the EDD had elapsed, I have raised a DI ticket to the SVC for the same. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. Since their parcel was an international one, I informed them that for international parcels, there are additional procedures we have to follow, which sometimes results in extra time being needed. The customer was satisfied with this explanation. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I informed them that their parcel has not yet arrived in the Yodel network and advised them to contact the sender for further assistance. Regards, Vicky

There has been no update regarding the parcel.

The parcel was on hold, I resumed the parcel delivery using sabre. Regards, Vicky

The SVC has marked the parcel as missing. I have raised a reverse query to follow MPP. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I updated them that their parcel is being returned to the sender. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired for claims for the parcel. I informed them that they need to contact the sender regarding this matter. Regards, Vicky

The customer wished to amend their delivery options. I informed them that they can do so using the Yodel mobile application. Regards, Vicky

The customer requested that their parcel be delivered to a secure location. I informed them that the parcel delivery must be attended by someone, as the attended delivery option is enabled. Regards, Vicky

The customer contacted us regarding their previously raised concern. I informed them that their issue is being investigated by the relevant team and that they will be contacted via email. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. A ticket had already been raised for their concern. I assured them that the team is investigating the issue and will provide an update via email shortly.

The customer wanted to redirect their parcel to another store. I informed them that they can do it using the Yodel mobile application. Regards, Vicky

The customer wanted to redirect their parcel to a Yodel store. I informed them that they can do it using the Yodel mobile application. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I informed them that their parcel is being held at the depot, allowing them to pick it up from there. Regards, Vicky

The parcel was not available in the store when the customer attempted to collect it. I have raised a failed collection ticket to the paypoint for the same. Regards, Vicky

The customer is stating that the parcel is not available in the store. I have raised a failed collection ticket to the paypoint for the same. Regards, Vicky

The sender inquired for claims for the parcel. I informed them that they need to contact the client regarding this matter. Regards, Vicky

The customer wished to reschedule the collection of their parcel. I informed them that they could do so via the portal used when booking the parcel.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. After I shared the POD with them, they disconnected the chat. Regards, Vicky

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. After I shared the POD with them, they found the parcel. Regards, Vicky

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. The POD is also non-compliant.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. The POD is also non-compliant. Upon reviewing the scans, I have noted that the geo-codes are also broken.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it and the property visible in the POD is not theirs.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. Upon reviewing the scans, I have noted that the geo-codes are also broken.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it and the property visible in the POD is not theirs. Upon reviewing the scans, I have noted that the geo-codes are also broken.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. They mentioned that the wrong parcel was delivered to them.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received the whole parcel. They stated that there were two items in the parcel and only one item has been delivered.

The customer has disputed the delivery of their parcel, stating that they have not received it. The parcel has been delivered to the wrong address. 

The customer has disputed the delivery attempt of the parcel stating that the driver didn't attempt the delivery.

The customer has disputed the collection attempt of the parcel stating that the driver didn't attempt the collection. Kindly look into it an rearrange the collection.

The customer wanted to update their address. I informed them to update their address using the Yodel mobile application. Regards, Vicky

The customer inquired about the current status of their parcel. I informed them that three delivery attempts have already been made, and they will now need to collect their parcel from the depot.

The customer's concern has already been raised with the team. I have informed them that the team is investigating their concern and will reach out to them shortly.

The customer wanted their parcel to be returned to sender. I initiated RTS using Sabre.

The customer asked for collection code. I informed them that they will receive the collection code on their registered email as soon as the parcel is ready for collection.

The customer wanted to redirect their parcel to a Yodel store. I redirected it to their preferred Yodel store using the Yodel tracking website as they were not able to do it using the Yodel mobile application.

The parcel has been delivered to the store, but it is not yet ready for collection. I asked the customer to wait until the parcel is ready for collection.

The customer wanted to share delivery instructions.


Ticket Raise~

Hi team, Customer email : Regards, Vicky

Kindly look into this matter and keep the customer updated.

Please investigate this issue and ensure the parcel is delivered at your earliest convenience.

The customer has confirmed the address. Kindly release the parcel and deliver it as soon as possible.

The customer has confirmed the address. Kindly deliver the parcel as soon as possible.

Kindly look into it and deliver the parcel as soon as possible.

The customer has shared delivery instructions. They added ~

The SVC could not find the parcel, Kindly follow MPP.

The SVC has marked the parcel as missing. Please follow MPP.

There has been no update regarding the parcel since -. Kindly look into this matter and keep the customer updated.

The customer has confirmed the address as correct. Kindly look into it and deliver the parcel as soon as possible.

The parcel is delayed and has not been delivered to the customer. The estimated delivery date has elapsed. Kindly deliver the parcel as soon as possible and keep the customer updated.

The customer has confirmed the address as correct, and I have also asked them to add what3words to their address. Kindly deliver the parcel as soon as possible and keep the customer updated.

The customer wishes to redirect their parcel to another store (~), as the current shop is not accepting parcels. Kindly look into this matter and keep the customer updated.


Complaint~

&


&
